The style of writing seems like it is written like a screenplay.
What this means is that the majority of what is going on is based
on the dialog.  The way that the characters feel and the actions that
they are doing seem to based on what they are saying.

I am left to interpret each character based on how many um's oh's ah's
 and pauses (...) they have in their dialog.  It is good that you 
 left a note to yourself about which character is which.  Right now, the
 story that you wrote has not fleshed out the characters enough to match
 the description.  However, it IS a short piece so it may take some more
 time to actually go about fleshing out the character.

 I'll probably be saying this alot and as cliche as it sounds, it's 
 something that needs to be done.  You need to show not tell.

 there is a section where nena believes that she knows the lady.  You are basically telling us that she thinks she is familiar.  How would 
 you SHOW us that she thinks she looks familiar?

 Lastly... as I mentioned before, it seems like it is written like a 
 screen play.  Its not neccesarily bad.  however, It just seems really
 Odd where there is a lack for narrative.  Narrative is the writing 
 that speaks when the characters are speaking.

 Is your story a first person point of view or a third person point of
 view?  I think it is a third person point of view, but the narrative
 voice is lacking therefore it seems like a screen play.

 In conclusion, this is all just opinion.  You do not need to follow or
 believe any of these tips.  I can only tell you of things that I prefer
 or expect.  But I am not every one.  Your writings are going to appeal
 to a certain demographic and it is entirely possible that I am not part of that demographic.

 I feel like I gave a lot of criticism and not much praise.  Don't take
 it personally.  If you have some reactions to what I said, go ahead and
 bring them up and we can talk about it.

 But in the end I really hope that these criticisms are helpful 
 and don't deter you from continuing to write. 